hello my name is julie virviescas
representatives laboratories and visibilice
search in this video to show you the
correct way to take a sample of
water and ice for analysis in the
laboratory
The first thing that I will show in the articles
that are included in the kit and which
it will be sent to you by elvis
research
this is an ice kit and contains
2 formulate the first one is a guide and
shows how to fill the second
form also comes with a guide
photographic of how to take the samples
They have two containers for ice
a black bag
and two gel packs which must
be frozen the night before use the
next is a water kit is very
similar to ice contains a
Guide and sample form how
Fill out the following form with your
personal information and company name
also has a photo guide of
how recently taking samples
adequately
the recipients and we will only need one
for each sample the difference of this
is that it contains some white flakes in
the bottom
a black bag
and the g packages
before taking your sample of water and
ice it is necessary to take precautions
the first is to clearly mark the
containers
here I have set the date the time and the
machine in this case the machine with a
very important recommendation is to take
your samples as late as possible in the
day and this will ensure us to be able to do
the analysis within 24 hours
following and finally we recommend
wash hands with soap and water
antibacterial until approximately
forearm for better results and now
let's take the ice samples
how can this row have a
spoon in your fridge has no spoon or
has an automatic dispenser
simply put the container
directly the after under the
dispenser and arrived to the line
meter to if you are taking samples of
ice from a bag
just shake the bag on top of the
container without touching the container
let's take ours
and remember that at least we should
fill up the indicator line
we close
we take the next container and what
we fill remember remember to take your samples
as late as possible during the day
and up to the indicator line
as we saw if we can put more would be
much better
we close
We will pack the samples for
send them to the laboratory first
Let's make sure the sample is
completely closed and we can put a
some tape around
to prevent the lid from going to
open during the course of
transport
We also recommend using this paper
bubbles to make sure that the
sample is completely protected and
We are going to pack it in this way
We have some tape to ensure
and the algae
we use the first ice pack and what
we put in the background
we put the samples
the second gel pack
and here it is very important to fill your
information we should put the name of
the company the name of the person
taking the sample the time and we will
put a detailed description of the
sample
we put the form
within the cycle bag that we have
delivered and this ensures that the bag
protect the form and do not go to
wet
we put it in the fridge
and we ship it with immediate delivery by
half of fedex feet to the offices that
appear on screen
now let's take the water samples
this is the container for water and
let's make sure that these tickets
Safety is completely sealed
here I already wrote my name
and the time
they also contain white flakes
I mentioned at the beginning which are
a chemical indicator to preserve the
Water
when we open the key let's make sure
that the pressure is a little low so that
Do not go splashing when we fill the
container
to open the lid we should do it towards
An angle so as not to contaminate
in containers we open it in this way
Y
you are welcome
we must fill up the indicator line
that I will show you
this indicator
in the minimum we need if we can
fill more would be ideal
Now we are going to ready the samples for
send them to the laboratory first we
we make sure it is completely
closed and we can put some ribbon
around the lid to avoid that
will be opened during the course of
transport
we are going to wrap him in this role of
air bubbles
in this way
we put some ribbon
and this protect our teachers
remember that unlike the
ice samples we just need a
container for each water sample
we put the gel previously frozen
the samples
the other gel pack
we make sure the form is
completely full and have the name of
the telephone company information
a detailed description of the sample
the time and date and where you want it to be
send you the results
we doubled this and put it in our
century sachet
this bag will protect so that it does not
the document is going to get wet when
send
we put him on top of everything
and closing
and we send it by fedex or yupi is from
immediate delivery the next day
thanks for watching this video for more
information visit our website
www.aveta.com some can call 35 2
300 20 436 thanks